It still needs improvements at the functionality level, such as allowing a bigger number of secret boards, more flexibility in the search of pins, pinners, and boards, and more flexibility in the display on one's pins and boards and boards that are followed.

Also I think it could be better if a pin could be deleted from your group board (like for example if it was inappropriate and you didn't want it on your board), and also if you didn't need to follow a person back for them to be added to a group board.

The only thing I would love added to Pinterest overall is keywords because a lot of times the captions for the pin do not contain any information about what the pin is about and then there is no way to search for it.

For those who like to visually learn, read and live, this app fits the personal functionality I need in order for the platform to be an intuitive, seamless process regardless of the task I'm attempting to perform.

And the news ticker (I don't know what to call the thing that tells me when someone has liked a pin or followed a board) needs a better information hierarchy; an undifferentiated list doesn't serve me needs ?

I use boards to pin tons of ideas as inspiration when I first start a project or begin planning a party, but it would be nice to have a way to rank the pins to narrow down the ones I want to focus on first!

It is very cool how we can touch a picture and then we get the three options on what we can to do, but is there any way that y  all can put another option that saves a pin to the camera roll?

I only wish that you could remove previous pins from a board or move them to a different board, just so you can correct a finger slip or get rid of things that you didn't end up liking.

Really appreciate. What is a very wonderful chattin network. indeed it might help to chat with friends wherever u want but beware tehre is a drawback that you must connect to a wifi network

It would be nice if one could rearrange boards on page to have categories that are similar be next to each other, or just to be able to arrange the boards on page to ones liking.

It would be cool to see some type of messaging system integrated where you could suggest a pin to a friend or be alerted if one of your friends commented on something you pinned.

The only issue with this app is the lack of ability to print a pin from within the app you have to open in safari and that is to many extra steps. please add a print button!

The font is smaller than that of any other app I use, and there is NO way to control it, short of using Evernote through a web browser which entirely defeats the purpose.

I wish there was a pin button on my phone where I could pin things I see like I to when I'm on my laptop (maybe there is one for the phone and I just haven't found it).

I still feel all these larger companies should have the email synch up with my app so when I get an alert and click on the email it should go to my app not the web page.

Im a crafter I would like to see more patterns that go with these crafts like the havoc made with recycled bottles there not for sale but there is no pattern either.

Please find a way to sort the DIY and Etsy stuff apart from each other  it's frustrating to click on a project only to find you  ve been diverted to an Etsy store.

The way I think is to categorize first and then comment. but once you select a category you've pinned it and then you must do the several step process of editing.

And you know it would be great to be able to have more than  350 boards, I have noticed some of the people I follow have more but I can't figure out how to do it!

And please add tags bc the search feature becomes useless when my description just says cute or adorable and I have to search my entire board to find something.

For the recipes or different DIY things it would be nice to be able to see at rating on how others felt about them or telling if they would try it again or not.

Ask me if I would like to use background uploading only once and remember my preference   don't pester me every time I open the app to turn that feature on.

Media sharing	Its good but can be better and if mb in media sharing can incresed then it will be excenlt so please improve it so that I can give it 5 stars

My only wish list item would be a URL scheme for passing information to the app or opening a search from elsewhere  something Launch Center Pro could use.

The list of search results should show the line of the found text, so you can see quickly if that's what you're looking for without having to open it.

I receive a lot of pins and its frustrating that the pins show up small I think it would be cool if it comes up like the pins do when we are pinning.

Second, it needs a way to export multiple notes at once to Word so that notes can be edited and compiled into articles and papers for publishing.

Seems like the controls are fairly user friendly but every now and then I have to re search for something because it bumps me out to the home page.

Not impressed with update, also need to put a sidebar on pins so you can see how far you have to scroll down to get to the bottom of a topic.

I learn a lot from what other folks post  it lacks a reliable search function & it needs to add a setting of BOARDS/PERSONS I FOLLOW.

Minus one star for occasional crashes of the app and I wish there was a better way to keep people from pinning links to spammy websites.

U Dropbox employers improved mostly everything, but in the app it should have the ability to rename files, whereas the web version can.

I'm kinda technologically challenged, I admit, but ideally the app should be programmed and designed with people like me in mind!

Granted, all of my pins are from other interesting boards, but I don't like the idea of someone else adding something to my board.

I would like to see more categories for browsing it seems all of the DIY Crafts that are lumped together could be better sub divided.

;) I think it could be better by being able to private message someone , though you could block the person from messaging if needed.

I enjoy using Pinterest on the iPad and iPhone but some features, like the ability to change the cover image of a board are missing.

You can't search within a specific notebook without typing in code (very time consuming even IF you can figure out how to do it).

First, you'll only have a couple boards then you'll need a couple more because you'll want to have a Place for your interests.

Art support. Waiting for the update since a month, all the other apps except whatsapp supports it;coz of which Ian' t use art. 

Please take off the new update where it recommends sending certain pins to people who may like it on your Facebook friends list.

So, I'd like more privacy settings that are already available on other social networking sites and Pinterest would be perfect.

new update is worse	I am using it on note3 and ever since I updated the new version I am unable to send songs to my contacts.

While Pinterest is still a great idea, the fact that the home feed is now more than 50% related pins" is very annoying".

The one thing that is missing and something I'd like to see is red light notifications like the website version has.

The bugs in the app have been fixed over time &amp; I have no complaints except for adding more than 3 secret boards.

I liked having the letters on the side so I didn't have to roll through my entire list of boards to pin something.

The only thing I would like to see added is a find" feature for every board considering how many pins I have now."

t know who you have recently hired to change your interface, but I suggest going back to the previous designer.

Second, why not use background update feature of ios7 to do it, rather than the awkward location based method?

mwingerski ,  If this development team focus on making the App WORK rather than always adding new features I might give this five stars  New features are totally worthless if I can't even open the app after it updates. Don't bother sending a support request from within the app because no one ever reads it even if you are a premium subscriber

The only suggestions. fix the glitch that boots you out and shuts down your iPad on occasion, create main topic board to house boards as subtopics (e. g. Main topic 'decorating' and boards under this would be kitchen, bedroom, etc.) I just have so many boards it would make things more organized and easier to find.

I was nvr a big Facebook fan bc it gave too much personal without any personality   Pinterest let's your real self shine through whether you intended to or not ;) I just wish that with the update that they would fix the crashing of my iPad if I have too many windows open or I have left it open too long :( ,

The problems with the folders is that if you touch one accidentally (like hit the one above) it pins I to it,before you had to hit the PIN button again which gave you the chance to make sure to hanger the folder with one tap, now you have to go in and delete and move it to the correct folder.

I don't like how you have to comment on them now, how i have to scroll through all my boards to get to one and I really hate how you can't have more than one board open at a time with the x  s in the corner.

Tech support tried to help, and I'm a premium user, but none of them came right out and said what was wrong, something like 'Sir, you are experiencing what millions of others are experiencing.'

Push notifications are not working on my iphone although it's set up properly and when you open a sent pin while in email on the iPad, it forces Safari to open, it does not open it in the App.

The down side is that it does indeed crash on you everyonce in a while, not constant at all and doesn't pick up where you left off, and you will be lucky if you find that specific pin again.

The look is bland, and apparently Pinterest has forgotten tons of their pinners are DIY and crafting nuts. as you can probably can tell, I may have a slight problem with Pinterest.

However one frustrating development is when I'm deeper into links (say I follow a pin to its site, click on another link and want to pin from there) the app consistently crashes.

It does have some issues, such as the shut off in the middle of a pin and not loading at all until I close the app completely which also make me lose the place I have scrolled to.

The iPad version has several problems, including stacking open windows in the background, not alphabetizing new categories on your page, and frequent unexpected program crashes.

The only problem that I have noticed is that when you click to view a pin, read it the close it, it starts you back at the beginning of the list and not where you left off at.

I love Evernote and have become very reliant on it, one of the apps I can't do without however I am without it now because it crashes on open and will not open on iPhone.

Now, it won't load correctly (pictures missing) and my boards are missing cover pics, which I can't even edit because there's no option to change the picture anymore.

I hate the new layout, the menu bar at the bottom, the way I can't just tap outside of a box to close it, how the close x" has switched sides with the "pin it" button."

It constantly reports failure to synch, it freezes momentarily between all actions, it crashes here and thee, and the search function sometimes fails to find key words.

I have had the iPhone 4S and 5s, with both of them I had loading issues when saving an image that would freeze and continue to load hours after I have exited the app.

About half of attempted re pins fail, the hide &amp; seek bottom dock is a real pain to use, and it much, much harder to navigate in general than the older version.

I greatly enjoy Pinterest, the only problem I find with it is that I can't go back to the same place I was once I click on something, while on my windows phone ,

Some defect	Please correct this defect when will listen to a voice note than the screen becomes whole black and we are not able to clearly hear the voice in my s4

Its good but it can use a bit of an improvement, like sometimes the pictures just doesnt show and it takes a while for it to get back but that would be it ,

I love Pintrest and the app version is laid out well, but it crashes all the time and sometimes takes several tries to reach the web page linked to the pin.

I've seen many people have this issue, and currently mine takes up 1.5 gb of my memory because it saves every single photo u pin or look at in the cache.

If you try to send a pin to someone, pin something, viewed one of your boards  app will either just crash or you get blue screen and ipad restarts itself.

Now I can't open links in safari and when I look at other people's boards   hardly any of their boards and pins load (you can tell by their pin count).

Ever since iOS 7 update, Dropbox has not worked; constantly crashes, when it does run it is EXTREMELY slow, and there are problems with camera uploading.

We spend time organizing our boards but Pinterest fails to organizing themselves by not putting things in alphabetical order. please learn you ABC's. 

I've been a loyal EN fan for years but just this week it's frozen and after reinstalling on both my iPad and iPhone, it crashes each time I open it.

They have to fix the update feature properly so that it done at a one go and possibly twice for it to activate previous whatapps conversation account.

Four stars	Its a wonderful app and provides a good way to stay in contact with peepz but its needs more improvement especially in de area of speed

Had been five for me, but the update one previous to this broke it for whole tribes of us, and it took them a week to get the fix out (see below).

Yodaman70 ,  Not sure if this is an Evernote or iTunes issues but found this app and two others aren't upgradeable yet 60 other apps no problem.

No update has been done recently though, and until I read that the problem with Safari is fixed I will try to remember not to upgrade the system.

Although more often, Puns don't always link back to the original post where you can find the recipe or instructions on how to do/make something.

I can't download image and videos sent	when i try to download image or videos, it says ""download was unable to complete, please try again later"".

I love love Pintrest but hate that it sometimes crashes since iOS 7 has come out never had that problem before but for that issue a great app.

I almost never have any issues with it except sometimes the notifications won't refresh or sometimes the notifications take days to show up ,

Does the job you need it for but occasional crashes (I use it daily and it probably crashes once a week) can be a nuisance, but just briefly.

I want to change the covers on my boards, but you can't do that in this update, please fix it or if you got rid of it, please bring it back!

The update crashes my iPad when I try to open a pin. but other than that I am totally obsessed with it and love all the ideas I get from it ,

When I update a note on my PC it takes forever to show up after I sync on phone, sometimes I even have to log out and back for it to show up.

Sha  chey Renee ,  This new update crashes when I click on images and I can't see my followers and who's following me please change this ,

I don't have a problem paying for Premium, but not when it includes something so basic and essential that it's a joke to have to pay for.

I was about ready to leave Evernote because it would often crash and lose my thoughts, also the skeumorphic design was painful to look at.

Um I'm not trying to purchase I'm trying to update please fix ASAP now it's saying can't connect to iTunes  I'm getting frustrated ,

The only complaint I can share is I tried a recipe that had three ingredients, followed the recipe completely and failed all three times.

The biggest problem for the new version is  people like me having 30 notebooks and 80 tags have big trouble switching between notes.

This is my favorite app in the world but all of a sudden it starting to crash again and it is really annoying, PLEASE FIX THIS!!!!!!!!!

They are only showing the brand new ones, problem is sometimes I don't get through them all and then I come back. now they are gone!
